if you have no idea who this video is  about  watch it anyway  because you know  somebody like this  or in the years to come  you're gonna know  somebody like this someone  who's ruining their life someone who's  leading a meaningless life someone  who really is trapped in a sort of  living  death and if they can't snap out of  their own cycle  of delusion  and grandiose self-justification  it's gonna kill them  [Music]  climate change is bad we're purchasing  the climate climate change rally  what's the point of the protest you feel  really good about yourself do you think  you do it to feel good about yourself or  for the climate i mean i do it for the  climate and an added positive that you  get to feel good about yourself we're  not gonna go to school we're not gonna  go to work we're gonna protest the  climate and hopefully eventually like  legislators notice that we care about  this and we want change you should pull  up  what what is that gonna do  um it's honestly also just very  empowering like it's fun you meet people  you know you care about the climate you  care about the climate i'm i'm not sure  what this does though  wait does it hurt like what else are we  gonna do you be out protest or not it's  uh i went to some of the black lives  matter ones do you feel good about  yourself after like no i didn't i i was  looking around like this is such a waste  like we're yelling these names i don't  even know these people i'm not doing  anything and the politicians don't care  have these people here to steal  [Music]  i like being a selfish [ __ ] you know  being a selfish [ __ ] is great no one  relies on you and you don't rely on  anybody else you know even though i'm  waking up early and i'm going to the gym  i just feel like everything else is kind  of in a mess i went to the fat guy shop  and  uh  and like you know like i uh  i tried on like uh normally i'm a 6l  japanese wise for jackets and they only  had like a  x4 or something and it was just way too  small i mean it fit my on my shoulders  and my arms uh really well but it's just  the stomach was just too small  and it was just frustrating you know  like  like  i wanna like you know i want it's like  you want things but anyway i just i  don't know i just i i've been feeling  like you know i went to the  it just it sucks cause like you know i  go to the fat guy shop and i'm limited  there's only one shop in japan or at  least in tokyo that i can buy fat  clothes from it's just it's frustrating  to be like okay  you know i'm fat so i need to  like you know i only have a limited  amount of places to buy  um  to buy clothing in japan i i want uh  like you know what is i want to be in  better shape so i can do more physical  stuff you know like i want to be able to  [ __ ]  i want to be able to to go and climb  mount fuji  i want to be able to [ __ ] swim in the  ocean  you know i want to be able to [ __ ]  be able to walk long distances i want to  be able to start doing martial arts so i  can do martial arts videos for youtube  you know  it's just all this [ __ ] like i want a  hot girlfriend just to simply piss off  people on the internet a hot japanese  girlfriend you know  [Music]  like uh you know i want people around me  that are doing stuff you know that like  inspire me like everybody i'm around  right now they don't inspire me to [ __ ]  they just make me think like they get  just get me frustrated because i see  kind of a reflection of myself where  they're just wasting their life but  unlike them like i know what i want  and like i'm just uh  i don't know i i just i'm around this  mentality i realize that the guest house  that i've been around my whole life  which is just just kind of like well  trying stuff is scary so i'm just gonna  very very  shittily half-ass everything and then  hope it works out and then when it  doesn't i'm just gonna blame other  people like they they wanna they wanna  dream very small you know  and it's just like again like with adhd  though too though it's like  you know my  like i have all these things that i want  and then i'm like oh a squirrel you know  like i forget and it's just like  maybe i just need to up the dosage on my  adhd meds or maybe i need to take more  time to kind of meditate and chill and  figure out what i need to do  [Music]  you know like the way i thought of it is  that like there's um  you know you gotta kind of think about  yourself like i forgot where i heard  this but it's like when you're thinking  of yourself  as a uh  as a successful person a successful  person  isn't just thinking about themselves  and they're thinking about their  families they're thinking about  their friends and they're thinking about  their employees like they're thinking  about the people  that rely on them i like being a selfish  [ __ ] you know being a salvage [ __ ]  is great no one relies on you and you  don't rely on anybody else you know  a lot of these people that are just like  yeah whatever i mean like they don't  really have that feeling of somebody  relying on them  uh to be the man you know to be in  charge and so i think that's like  another reason why a lot of people just  got like yeah what the [ __ ] whatever  but i haven't really been exercising or  going out a lot uh because it's been  raining for a whole week  but uh yeah even before that i was just  being lazy i have all these goals for  this year and it's on my screen right  now and i realized i made a lot of  harder goals this year than i did last  year like last year's goals were simple  like you know wake up at 7 a.m i still  do that quit drinking soda still have  done that uh two gallons of water a day  well not two gallons but i drink  definitely two of these a day which is  six liters so that's almost two gallons  uh start crypto and stock trading did  that kept 100k subs didn't do that 5k a  month didn't do that go from 186 to 100  kilos didn't do that so i accomplished  five  of my goals  for 2021. you know people like haters  like you know there's haters watching  this video right now they're watching us  among all of you beautiful  you know 99 of you who are just love me  and just come here to support your papa  there's that one percent that are going  through every part of this video just to  timestamp and be like ah he said this  about that oh [ __ ] sam and it's funny  because they're more hardcore viewers  than the regular viewers  but they're uh i love it they're just  foaming at the mouth now probably  hearing about this because it's like  haha  like uh they're like sam hasn't  accomplished any of his goals [ __ ] sam  hahaha [ __ ] [ __ ]  and um  you know it makes me it's funny because  they're like he quit soda he quit fast  food but he's still fat then what a fat  [ __ ] these two friends of mine  they both sent me ironically like within  the same month they don't know each  other but they sent me the same link for  like a gastic bip a gastric bypass  surgery clinic  in shinjuku  if you look back at the videos i've made  that were directly or indirectly  addressed to tko sam  it's conspicuous  how nice i've been to this guy it seems  wildly inconsistent with my character  with how i've addressed and criticized  so many other  youtubers when he has obviously  no redeeming qualities and there are  many characteristics of the man that i  would perceive as evil  and that i would find fault with that i  would criticize as evil in others  the truth is the particular  psychopathology of tequila sam  reminds me very much of my own father  that doesn't mean i like it it doesn't  mean i like him  but i'm very much accustomed  to confronting my own father i'm very  much accustomed to like waking up every  day  and over breakfast  sitting down with my father and saying  sometimes politely sometimes humorously  sometimes in a really confrontational  and ugly way every day saying to my  father no  you're lying you're lying to me you're  lying to yourself no you're delusional  no that never happened no that's never  gonna happen no you're wrong we're like  again and again  every day  trying to pin down my father on the lies  he's told in the past on the lies he's  telling now  and  pretty much every single one of my  father's lies  they were always as psychologists would  say  grandiose i remember saying to him in  like his last year before he died like  haven't you noticed a pattern  that in all of your lies i'm always the  bad guy and you're the wonderful hero  haven't you noticed like all of your  lies  they're somehow making everything bad in  your life somebody else's fault even  when it's your son and like even when it  was your son who was like living in  cambodia at the time and had nothing to  do with your problems where it makes no  sense to blame me at all like haven't  you noticed that all of your lies  consistently make you into some kind of  wonderful  hero and disparage everyone else  as the villain now  when you live that way for a long time  it starts to become a kind of  self-reinforcing  dynamic in your life and i carefully  chose to include that segment where tico  sam blames his circle of friends which  he's done many times for many years he  blames the circle of friends  for  their lack of ambition for their lack of  positive aspiration their their  stupidity and laziness to some extent oh  oh gee gee gtko  why do you think  you surround yourself with those people  why why do you think  it's only that kind of person  that tolerates  your company i mean you know  look at my father and he thinks of  himself as this great intellectual as  this great man it's like gee why is it  you only surround yourself with these  people you despise and belittle and look  down upon and why is it you really can't  stand to be in the room with  anyone who challenges you on your  [ __ ] now look there are so many ways  in which  tko sam and my father are very different  men they've lived very different lives  but there are some ways for me  subjectively in which it's striking how  similar they are you know it really  matters to tkyo sam that he can go to a  bar  and get drunk  and that some  young slender attractive woman will pay  attention to him  or flirt with him or joke around with  him that he'll get some kind of positive  attention and he just seems to not care  at all that this young woman is for  example a bartender  whose job  is to put up with fat drunken slobs like  you who like her job description and her  training will literally say you have to  learn to laugh at jokes you don't think  are funny and to like politely  reciprocate the amorous advances of men  who have no chance with you and you have  no romantic interest in like the  difference between  true and false just doesn't matter to  you at all because your ego is based on  a kind of living  myth right the mythology you want to be  a part of right the mythology you're  acting out you're embodying however you  want to put it is that you're that dude  who walks into that bar and drinks that  alcohol and i don't know spends that  money or  you don't dance i mean you know i don't  know what else you do in this bar and  that that you are the man and you know  in his case his transplant why is oh  it's because it's because you have a  great  sense of humor  you know you like you cling you know  that's what you think it is  you know  you don't think any of these people have  pity for you you don't think any of them  have  contempt  for you you don't think any of them are  just trying to in that great asian  tradition save face  and help you  save face now look  i don't really believe  that everyone gets to do with their life  whatever they want to you know it's it's  a really fundamental assumption in our  culture that like you're born on this  planet and you're just here to have a  good time and you know however you do  that you know like if you're a foot  fetishist you just spend all your time  looking at photographs of shoes or  something like that's that's cool that's  just no problem and if you want to be a  competitive skiing champion then just  spend all your time and money going  skiing and that's cool because hey in  the end all of us end up in a body bag  so you know hashtag yolo you might as  well just live it up you know i don't i  don't really think that's a viable model  of human life you know i think the  reality is  that some people make the right choices  and some people make the wrong ones and  when you you know when you've been going  for more than five years  like tko sam  saying that you literally can't walk up  and down stairs anymore without intense  pain in your leg when you've been going  like tko sam for five years or more year  after year making a new year's  resolution that you're going to lose 100  pounds and then you don't even lose 10  pounds you know what i mean no no it's  it's not the case that life is this kind  of wide open buffet of myriad  nearly infinite options no no no in life  you get really stark choices and when  you look back on them with detachment  and insight and intelligence you realize  there's one choice that's right  there's one choice that's wrong however  these choices are never presented to you  as a fork in the road they never  presented you in like a menu like a  video game like a jrpg if you know what  i mean you know it's not like this  little box and you pick which one you're  going to do which option no  in life  what you always got  are challenges posed to you in terms of  priority  okay  let's say you're a man  you meet a beautiful woman  an intelligent woman a woman with  various virtues  and redeeming qualities but you just  can't get along  so it doesn't work out you drift apart  10 years later you're wondering what  happened to you whatever  what you might not have realized was you  had a choice there  you had an option  okay and the option was to make that  relationship  your top  priority  not for the rest of your life  not even for 10 years maybe just  for six months maybe you had to quit  your job to make that relationship work  like maybe it was that tough and by the  way this could be  any combination of genders it could be a  gay man with a gay man it could be a  woman pursuing whatever you know  maybe you had to stop  everything you were doing maybe you had  to cancel  your plans to go visit your parents for  christmas like in a six month time you  probably had a whole list of things you  assumed were gonna do maybe you had to  stop playing video games maybe you had  to stop going to the bar like you know  maybe you had to look at all your  priorities in life  and so you know what  if i don't make this relationship  absolutely my top priority  right now  i'm going to regret it  for the rest of my life  this woman and i we don't get along  right but but you want her  to be your wife or some kind of  relationship that's going to last for  decades it's going to last though you're  all going to last your time if you don't  make this  the top priority in your life and cancel  a whole lot  of other engagements and obligations to  make that to make that happen okay you  will regret it forever and most men  go through their whole lives not even or  realizing this is an option they don't  realize it in their relations with women  they don't realize it in terms of their  career you know they don't realize in  terms of learning a language like you  know if you go to buckle down and really  learn japanese for six months you have  to make other sacrifices they don't  realize it in terms of any of the  distractions  and options in their life do you know  what else tikio  you know what else man  sometimes you gotta stop and recognize  that your top priority  in a strange sense  has to be your relationship with  yourself  that in some sense i myself do not have  the words to express you've got to sit  down and sort out who you are  what kind of person  you want to be and what you're going to  do  to make it happen and it's never as  simple  as weight loss it's never as simple as  getting on a getting on a treadmill and  adjusting your diet  and so on and so forth you haven't even  questioned tko the way in which you  losing the weight you  leading a more meaningful life will  require you  to quit drinking alcohol  forever  so like you have a turning point in your  life where you never drink alcohol  again  dude i hear you talking about how you  get drunk and basically how you binge  eat  once you're drunk and you can't tell me  your drinking hasn't impacted every  other aspect of your life  in the last 10 years your relationships  with women your relationships with books  let's put it that but that way the life  of the mind however you want to think of  that and yeah sure your body that is at  this point falling apart  right it's not some  simple  isolated decision you know to lose  weight  build muscle mass you know it's not  isolatable from these other  questions  fundamental questions  of what kind of person you're going to  be  and what you're going to do  to make that happen  but nothing is going to change  nothing is going to happen  if you can't realize that you're  standing at a fork in the road  all the time  there's a question not of what you're  going to do versus not do you know not  not the difference between going north  and going south but the question of  am i going to make this  my top priority maybe for six months  maybe for two years am i going to  sacrifice everything else  where i treat this as the one  thing that matters and i give it a  hundred and ten percent and if i  don't  if i don't make that decision now and  step my level of effort  way the hell  up  am i going to regret it for the rest of  my life there is a fork in the road in  front of you like right here right now  like is this my now deceased father he  was standing  at a fork of the road every [ __ ] day  and the question was really am i going  to tell a lie  or am i going to tell the truth  and you know the lies we tell on youtube  as bad as they may be they're not as  binding they're not as dangerous  as the lies that we tell  ourselves  i sympathize with te kyo sam only  because  he reminds me of my father my father was  a man  who could  not  live  without his lies  his problem  was that he just  never could  stop  making excuses  for the [ __ ] terrible person  that he was  and it's when you stop making excuses  that you can make it a priority  to become someone else frankly  to be a better man  but you can't even think through  what that better person is that you  might be  if you can't come to a complete  halt  in this cycle  of deception and self-deception this  cycle  of living  a lie